docs: download from github release (#3653)
prefix-dev/pixi: docs/advanced/installation.md

### Windows Installer

We provide an `msi` installer on [our GitHub releases page](https://github.com/prefix-dev/pixi/releases/latest).
The installer will download Pixi and add it to the `PATH`.

### Winget

```
winget install prefix-dev.pixi
```

### Download From GitHub Releases

Pixi is a single executable and can be run without any external dependencies.
That means you can manually download the suitable archive for your architecture and operating system from our [GitHub releases](https://github.com/prefix-dev/pixi/releases), unpack it and then use it as is.

> If you want `pixi` itself or the executables installed via `pixi global` to be available in your `PATH`, you have to take care of that yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want `pixi` itself or the executables installed via `pixi global` to be available in your `PATH`, you have to add the global bin dir to the `PATH`, this normally is `$HOME/.pixi/bin`.
You can check the location pixi uses by running `pixi info` -> Global -> Bin dir.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/prefix-dev/pixi/pull/3653/commits/c0cc8988800ce71797966823a000031d8952f176
